+++
title="leptos-webview"
description="[PoC done] Package Leptos apps into iOS and Android packages that can be used as a simple WebView from the native code with autogenerated hooks for a Web - Swift/Kotlin - Rust integration"
date = 2018-01-01
template = "opensource_page.html"
+++

Status: Coming. Proof of concept done.

# What

Run a Leptos-powered WebView from Swift/Kotlin.

- Create a client-side rendered [Leptos](https://github.com/leptos-rs/leptos) app.
- Implement any server-side APIs so that they can be packaged into a library.
- Package the app (generated website) and the library using the [mobile package crates](/opensource/mobile_package) into a
  Swift Package and an Android `.aar` archive including the resources so that it is completely standalone.
- Auto-generate the Swift and Kotlin code needed to launch the WebView and to bridge the WebView to the Rust library.
  Uses [UniFFI](https://crates.io/crates/uniffi).
- Create the WebView from within your mobile app directly from Kotlin/Swift.

# Why

Develop all the platform-independent parts in Rust & Leptos but keep the full power of Xcode/Swift and Android/Kotlin
for the platform specific parts.

- By creating the WebView from within your mobile app using Kotlin/Swift you can decide if all your app
  should be fully Leptos based or only parts of it.
- Since you are in the native code, it's easy to integrate with native features.
- You create your projects using Xcode and Android Studio and you have the full power of those environments and the complete set of configuration options.
- You use standard Swift Packages and Android aar archives.
